doc/appshelp.md, before:

Apps
=====

KEYBOARD
--------

A musical application to play the common notes.

Music from one Octave can be played through keyboard keys.

VIEWER
------

MikeOS Viewer for Text files, BASIC code and PCX Pictures.
It can be used to read books and check out wallpapers.

DISPLAY
-------

This can show the AAP file format of ASCII pictures.
Quick and Precise.

MPLAY
-----

Music player.
Plays SND type music on PC Speakers.
Check out `avignon.snd` song.

TUNEEDIT
--------

Create SND music yourself.
Easily add tunes and notes to it.
Complete environment provided by Joshua Beck.

FORTH
-----

An interpreter for a stack-based language.
It can perform quick calculations and can perform
complex functions through simple function method.
Try- ."Hello World"

BLOBZ
-----
A screensaver app with gorgeous graphics.
Leave it on and watch the speed.
Set it as idle-kernel command by `idlecmd blobz`.
This will run it directly when kernel is idle.

LOGO
----

Draw lines and circles on a 320x200 playground.
Check out lots of colours too.

TALK
----

An example of Artificial Intelligence to simulate enough
smartness to chat simple things with a user.
It uses a small dictionary to identify the words.

Try - `What's the time now ?`

LIFE
----

This is the implementation for a mathematical game described
by John Conway. It represents a growth of a population
through simple rules. Create the starting cities by
switching cells and watch them grow and evolve.

MANDEL
------

Another mathematical application.
It represents graphically the famous Mandelbrot equation.

Commit message:

Added pinups,password to qshell. Fixed mhelp,talk,pwd. New method for bootup. Updated API. Added tutorial,pwd,watch to qshell. Removed extra help strings. Fixed system calls. Optimisation. Added roaming robot to qshell. Fixed file manager for quick shell.

doc/appshelp.md, after:

Apps
=====

KEYBOARD
--------

A musical application to play the common notes.

Music from one Octave can be played through keyboard keys.

VIEWER
------

MikeOS Viewer for Text files, BASIC code and PCX Pictures.
It can be used to read books and check out wallpapers.

DISPLAY
-------

This can show the AAP file format of ASCII pictures.
Quick and Precise.

MPLAY
-----

Music player.
Plays SND type music on PC Speakers.
Check out `avignon.snd` song.

TUNEEDIT
--------

Create SND music yourself.
Easily add tunes and notes to it.
Complete environment provided by Joshua Beck.

FORTH
-----

An interpreter for a stack-based language.
It can perform quick calculations and can perform
complex functions through simple function method.
Try- ."Hello World"

BLOBZ
-----
A screensaver app with gorgeous graphics.
Leave it on and watch the speed.
Set it as idle-kernel command by `idlecmd blobz`.
This will run it directly when kernel is idle.

LOGO
----

Draw lines and circles on a 320x200 playground.
Check out lots of colours too.

TALK
----

An example of Artificial Intelligence to simulate enough
smartness to chat simple things with a user.
It uses a small dictionary to identify the words.

Try - `What's the time now ?`

MHELP
-----

Searches for word in input provide help.
Basic help is provided here.

LIFE
----

This is the implementation for a mathematical game described
by John Conway. It represents a growth of a population
through simple rules. Create the starting cities by
switching cells and watch them grow and evolve.

MANDEL
------

Another mathematical application.
It represents graphically the famous Mandelbrot equation.
